# rlt
Romeo Lupascu Tooling

Sep 05, 2017:

Initial draft of the doc...

This is a collection Various tools for various domains designed and built by the author (myself) as a response to needs, dreams and frustrations I've encountered over the time I'm developing software (since ~1984) (almost an uniform mix of the three).
Main language is Java but the code is not limited to Java. You will find parts written in python, SQL, shell, JavaScript etc.

The project uses its own tools for building, packaging, generating code UI interfaces,tests and documentation for each component all generated by automation.

The tools are all presented in two distinct layers:
1. Reuse by embedding in your own code
2. Use the pre-built command set with options to repackage and tailor as you need it for your case or use-case

The RLT Framework:

RLT uses automation and code generation to optimize the development and testing effort.
Each command is exposed by default via a number of standard interfaces all of them generated from a common set of command interface meta-data. This creates by default a "framework", a common behavior for all commands in the package independent of the package's composition (repackaging by end user use-case is available).

The default interfaces available are:

1. Command line (available in all OS-es), direct one time exec (rlt), Asynchronous exec (rlta), or via REST interface (rltc) 

2. RLT Spartan (optional) 
   This is a raw automated translation of the text CLI but over an embedded HTTP server (Jetty). All commands can be executed via Spartan interface if the user finds it easier than using CLI. Spartan will be customized in the future by injecting CSS and JS logic for each command or as the overall interface

3. REST command interface 
    all commands can be executed via a REST interface from your code or by using the rltc initiator command

4. RLT command profiles and  micro-service 
   This allows you to make RLT usage simpler and also define "services" to be executed in your system for automation proposes.

The classes of usage covered by tools are:

1. SQL databases ETL tools based on JDBC SQL92 with additional customization for certain database types such as DB2, PostgreSQL, Oracle etc.
2. Source code processing and automation tools
3. Generative N-dimensional graphics
4. 3D printing tools
5. Support to various cloud APIs from various vendors

Collaborating with RLT:
The RLT package had has and will only have one editor, myself.

To enable collaboration from anyone I'm encouraging creation of branches of the project where you can do whatever you need.
Once you have your changes or new logic I can review and import the logic in this RLT branch.
To keep your IP you should mark your code and timestamp your work by using a public timestmap service such as digistamp.com.
RLT contains two commands useful for time-stamping.

More info as well as the code will be published ~ NoV-Dec 2017.
